Revisions (#84)
ubccr/ccrdocs: pages/hpc/login.md

## Generate new SSH key

> The first time you want to login to CCR's login servers on a new device, you'll need to generate a new SSH key pair on your local machine. After you generate

Reviewer: I don't love this wording overall.  Considering the previous paragraph, I recommend this instead:
```suggestion
Prior to using SSH to connect to CCR's login servers, you'll need to generate a new SSH key pair on your local machine. If you connect to CCR from multiple devices, we recommend generating a separate SSH key pair for each device.  After you generate
```

> the key pair, you must add the public key to your account using [CCR's IDM portal](https://idm.ccr.buffalo.edu/sshkey).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the key pair(s), you must add the public key(s) to your account using [CCR's IDM portal](https://idm.ccr.buffalo.edu/sshkey).
```
